Report
Search
2019-11-22 - Frontend - Video Call
Type: Knowledge Trivia
Topics covered: JavaScript, ReactJS, Frontend, ES6, JS Scope, Class Components, React State, React Render, React Lifecycle Methods, HTML, CSS
Confidence: 3
Question
CSS
1) What is responsive web design?
2 ) How can you use CSS to do that?
3) What is the difference between CSS3 and earlier versions
4) Have you used bootstrap

HTML
1) What is new in HTML5 compared to earlier versions?

JS
1) Is it interpreted or compiled? Can you elaborate?
2) What is a closure? What is the most commonly used example of closure?
3) What is new in ES6
4) What is the spread operator in ES6? It can be used to open an array, can it also be used to enclose separate elements into an array
5) What is currying
6) Are there data types in JS? What is the data-type of Undefined? What is the data- type of null? Why is it that?
7) How does intheritance work in JS? How could you do it before ES6? What is prototype? If there is an object A and a function? 
How would you add the function to that object?
 

React
1) Does browser understand React/JSX/ES6? How?
2) What are higher order components? What inputs they take?
3) What is component lifecycle? 
4) Where would you use API calls in a react component?
5) what is React?
6) What is virtual DOM?
7) What are arrow functions?
8)What is destructuring?
9)  What is object literal? String template literal?
10) How will you decide how to compose an app using components? How will you pick functional or class components? Pure components? Smart components/ dumb components?


Redux)
1) If I want to display all the employee records on a webpage how would the data flow starting from components to backend.
2) What is a store
3) How do you pass store to the app
4) How do you pass data from store to component
5) How do you pass actions from action items to component
6) what is a middleware? Where do we use it?
7)What are the parameters that store take?
8) What is a reducer? How is it structured?
9) How do you pass data from store to a component?
10) How do mapStateToProps, mapDispatchToProps get connected to the component?



 
