Gives estimates for houses by taking their measurements using phones. 
Used by Insurance and home loan companies to figure out estimates of housing.
Also stitch together multiple pics to give a seamless 360 degree view of a house. 

Emploees - Jay Ithiel - aA alumni
           Atulya Shreeram Shree - IITK alumni
           
       
           Matt Ash - https://www.linkedin.com/in/mattesch/  - Former Oracle employee
           
           
           Tell me about yourself -
           I stuck to personal pitch for para 1 and 2 but rambled on a little and lost my steam by the time I reached para 3.
           I could convey my business experience in positive light.
           
           Q. Why did you choose RoR for backend?
           A.Ruby is very easy to learn and deliver code in also Ruby on Rails was industry standard at the time so I chose it 
           knowing that I wasn't sacrificing scalability and performance for ease of use.
           
           Should have said - Rapid prototyping
           
           Q. What development model did you use ? I imagine you used Waterfall at Sun ( I said unfortunately we used waterfall 
           model at both Sun and Oracle).
           A. We used daily stand-up meetings to keep track of how everyone was doing. Two weeks goals to add features. A longer 
           meeting in the beginning to overhaul the whole site.
           Should have said - Relaxed version of Agile. Tried to keep it formal but didn't let bureaucracy in the way of fast 
           delivery.
           
           How did you do quality control at Blooms And Bugs?
           A. Struggled with it because we were a small team of 3 people.
           Should have said - We did Test Driven dEvelopment. Wrote RSpec tests before we wrote any code to make sure we are not 
           breaking existing features while building new ones.
           Feature Testing
           Unit Testing
           End to End Testing
           
           Q. Tell me about a challenging time for your team during your work-experience at Blooms And Bugs or Oracle.
           Explained about how everything broke while using AWS S3 and I had to roll-back and re-do code piecemeal.
            -Could have made the story tighter, more technical and interesting
            -Could have mentioned some takeaways from the story.
           
           Asked me if I had downloaded their App ( I didn't)
           Also didn't remember a lot of what they do, although I did read about them and inject my thoughts later on during
           the conversation.
           He said he didn't know about App Academy. I didn't mention that one of their Engineers was an app Academy alumni, nor 
           did I mention the engineer from IIT Kanpur. 
           
       
           
           
           
