9/23 - 10 AM, Monday
Shirin Salehi - https://www.linkedin.com/in/shirin-salehi-012aa676/
She introduced herself and asked if I had any questions - I said no reflexively, then corrected myself and said 
I do have questions but I will wait for her to finish interviewing me to ask them?
She said, she will allow me some time for questions later on:

Q. What am I looking for in terms of role?
A. Front end : Javascript, React and Redux.
Q. I working on frontend paramount for me or if I was open to work on backend as well if needed?
A. To be a good front-end engineer, its imperative that I have a keen understanding of how the back-end works. I would be 
happy to work on back-end as needed.
Q. Have I worked with a company in healthcare space, what made me consider them?
A. Health Insurance is a challenging problem of our times and everyone from Presidential candidates to common people like 
you and me are trying to wrap our head around how to solve it. No one has the perfect solution yet but everyone agrees that the
way it is right now is broken. A developed country like US shouldn't have a healthcare system that is unaffordable for so many 
people. So I am interested in being a part of team which is trying to find a part of solution. 
When we ran our company, we tried to figure out a way to provide insurance to our employees but we couldn't do it at the time, 
so  when I read your mission statement, it made me look.
Q. What is a challenging problem that I solved during my past work? How did I do it?
A. I bungled this question a little - need to prepare a better answer.

I was trying to use AWS-S3 to develop our website for our e-commerce business, it was working fine locally, bu
t everything broke as soon as I pushed it into production. I had to rollback about 30% of our code.
To solve this, I had to do it piece by piece where images were added at the very end. Doing this I realized that if a table has
images, every record need s to have an attached image for it to work properly.
I also needed to finish it by Septemeber because Halloween was our sales season.

She commented that I completed a difficult task with a tight deadline, is that what I was trying to convey? I said yes.



Questions I asked ---
regarding company ->
How do you acquire customers? A. via facebook advertising and Intuit/ One other company - also funnel their customers to 
simply insured
What are your conversion numbers ( if you wouldn't mind sharing)? A. 5-7% . I commented that its great for online funnels. She r
responded that they are trying to bring it up to 10%.
What is the company vision for next 5 years?
A I should ask this to more senior members of team as they have 100 days planning sessions and she doesn't have visibility
into long term plans being that she is only 1 year old on the team.
Q. What is the perf review process?
A. Twice a year with CEO. Weekly 1:1 with manager.
   They also pride themselves on being completely transparent in terms of salary, money in bank etc.
   
